# PrestonGUIHW5

The link to the pages is https://pluie88.github.io/PrestonGUIHW5/
The link to the repo is https://github.com/PLuie88/PrestonGUIHW5


Preston Luie
GUI HW5 Write Up

Following what is outlined in the grading criteria I believe to have the following sections working and if not I will describe what is wrong. Currently I believe that my program has the following features working completely: the letter tiles in the player's hand” are randomly selected from a data structure with the proper distribution of the letters. The letters can also be dragged and then dropped onto target scrabble squares. My program also accurately identifies which letter tile is dropped and onto which Scrabble square. My board also includes at least two bonus squares. My program also has the ability to clear the board after each round so that a new word can be played. I am also able to keep the score for multiple words until the user restarts a new game (implementing next vs. restart). Additionally my program has tiles that can only be dragged from the rack to the scrabble board and that if they are dragged anywhere else but the board they will be bounced back to the rack. I also have the functionality that once A tile is placed on the Scrabble board it is able to be moved back onto the rack (droppable zone on rack outlined by dotted tan line). Lastly, I was able to implement the user being able to restart the game at any point.
	In regards to portions of the game / assignment that are not working how I intended completely properly is the score. The score is calculated completely correctly at all times (to my testing NOTE: The score output is a running score of all words that are created and placed onto the board (including if there is only one tile on the board)) besides when the double word multiplier tile is not the last tile placed. If it is, the score is calculated properly. Additionally the double letter functionality is working properly as well as the regular tile spots. In short the score is tallied mostly correctly minus one case with the double word not being the last location where the tile is placed. Currently I believe that after playing a word that only the number of tiles needed to bring the player’s hand back to 7 tiles is only partially working. It seems to me through testing that it works sometimes and other times it does not and seems to have an off by one error changing the next tile on the rack. However throughout testing there are times where it is working completely properly which is why it is so confusing to me as I could not find the root of this issue. Overall this portion is only half working I would say as sometimes the incorrect tiles are swapped (or not swapped) and other times it is swapping and saving the tiles completely properly.
When it comes to items that I do not have implemented at all the only one that I feel that I do not have is the checking for the adjacent tiles As in my game tiles can be placed at any location on the board and it’s score will be tallied.
